Well . .
I thought i 'd update my journal , just for shits and giggles and a place to rant about everything . .
and well . .
my last entry was before christmas
Well , I did n't get any of what i wanted for christmas
But i geuss that 's cause heather said she 'd buy me duct tape with the lava lamp she got me -LRB- witch by the way kicks ass -RRB- and well . .
My mom does n't even know what live journal is
But either way , i got spongebob square pants , and ratchet and clank : going commando -LRB- there actualy very fun -RRB- and The Sims Online
Well , i 've been playing the sims online for a while now , i can honestly say that it 's a barrel of fun , but well 90 % of the people playing this game piss me off , and my reasons
For one , you can customise a short bio of yourself
Basicly the 5 basic things people put in there is : Fav
MusicFav
MovieTurn ons : Turn offs : Quote : the reason it 's there is because that 's the pre made bio you get when you create a new character , -LRB- so you can just fill in the blanks -RRB- yeah it 's loose , but it 's the best they can do for how short it has to be
You can delete the whole thing and make your own goddamned bio , but it 's what everyone seems to follow . .
What REALY pisses me off is that 90 % of any people will say that there turn ons are nice people and there turn offs are mean people . .
And I thought the human race could n't get anymore shallower and stupid . .
i see bios like these `` hello , my name is fuckwad and i like all kinds of music
my favorite movies are what a girl wants , bad boyz 2 -LRB- any one who likes that movie is a dipshit -RRB- and american pie -LRB- probably one of the bigest missuses of the name pie . .
anyone affiliated with this movie will have there balls chewed off by lobster -RRB- my turn ons are nice people and my turn offs are mean people my favorite qoute is `` live life to the fullest '' every day
My second reason , is the plauge of any good massave multiplayer online game with the parameters to hold them : Mafias
These people piss me off like none other
they will `` tag '' -LRB- make enemys , it looses you certain things and they make comments on how much there mafia owns you and if you 're rich and popular enough they 'll make you pay them lots of sim money just to remove it -RRB- you
I was wrong people can be even more stupid then that bio example i just gave
seriously . .
Modems should require a mandatory IQ test . But aside from those plauge of fuck wads that i will forever hate , the game is very fun . .
pricey though -LRB- 10 bucks a month , i got a half priced `` game time card '' for 10 bucks , saving me 22 american dollars -RRB- but it 's still a bunch o fun , no matter how many people that i would love to give a vasectomy to play it .